He sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction. She sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched. Both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together.
It was a weird concept. Why would I really need to generate a random paragraph. Could I actually learn something from doing so. All these questions were running through her head as she pressed the generate button. To her surprise, she found what she least expected to see.
There are only three ways to make this work. The first is to let me take care of everything. The second is for you to take care of everything. The third is to split everything 5050. I think the last option is the most preferable, but I'm certain it'll also mean the end of our marriage.
Jeffrey fumbled his fingers atop the shelf, his legs straining and almost stumbling down the ladder. With urgent eyes Harriet with her flashlight begged her to finish what he was looking for. She knew that she must not speak because sound traveled far in this large but seemingly porous old room. They both froze.
Above ground was the medieval settlement of Skaars Outpost, originally a fort to guard the cave entrance. Its inception as a town had been in the lodging and supply needs of explorers there to attempt the subterranean labyrinth when it had opened as a commercial venture.
There once lived an old man and an old woman who were peasants and had to work hard to earn their daily bread. The old man used to go to fix fences and do other odd jobs for the farmers around, and while he was gone the old woman, his wife, did the work of the house and worked in their own little plot of land.
The shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember. In fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared. It had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place. Why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again.
Dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. He ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. He wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment.
The leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years. It wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it. The scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty. The jacket was in its prime and it knew it.



